Exercise One: Solving Day-to-Day problems
Apply the problem-solving steps to the following situations:
1. Find the most convenient path from Silo Park to Business School.
2. Organise a group meeting to discuss project ideas for INFOSYS 221.

Solution for question one:
Understanding the problem:
- Most Convenient (fastest route)
- Options (by foot or by transportation)
- Factors to consider: Budget/ Time restriction/ Time of day (peak and off-peak hours)/ Weather conditions

Strategy:
Use of Google maps for walking
Google maps/ AT Mobile app for public transportations (Find the nearest bus stop and route)
Note: Bus waiting time need to be considered.

Solve the problem:
Use all the tools depending on the circumstances to decide which most convenient path to OGGB.

Look back:
To check if our solution is the optimal option. If not, repeat the process from the start.
Consdieration: time spent on travelling.

Solution for question two:
Understanding the problem
Organise a group meeting.

Strategy:
Contact everyone to check on availbility
Decide on a specific date and time
Offer multiple channels from face-to-face meeting to online meeting/ group chat.

Solve the problem:
Engage with group members

Look back:
Check the satisfaction and feedbacks on the tools used. This allow the group to decide if they would stick to existing form of meeting or to find a better tools for next meeting.

Exercise Two: Sorting Numbers
Apply the problem-solving steps to the following:
1. Given three integer values, display them in ascending order.
2. Given four integer values, display them in ascending order.

Solution for question one:
Understanding the problem:
Arrange the number in ASC order.

Strategy:
Use divide and conquer algorithm.

Solve the problem:
number will be arranged accordingly.

Look back:
Check if the numbers are sorted accordingly
Check if other algorithm strategies may perform better in term of time spent to solve the problem.

Solution for question two:
Similar to solution for question one.
